redis/Package.md, before:

Connects to Redis from Ballerina

### Package Overview
#### Compatibility
|                                                                                    | Version               |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|
| Ballerina Language Version                                                         | **Swan Lake Beta 2**  |

The `redis` is a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Redis.

This package provides the capability to easily access Redis.

### Report Issues

To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Redis repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-redis)

### Useful Links
- Discuss code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
- Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).
- Post all technical questions on Stack Overflow with the [#ballerina](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ballerina) tag

Commit message:

Update ballerina and dependency version to slbeta2

redis/Package.md, after:

Connects to Redis from Ballerina

### Package Overview

The `ballerinax/redis` is a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Redis.

This package provides the capability to easily access Redis and it provides the functionality required to access and manipulate key-value data stored in a Redis database.

## Compatibility
|                             |            Versions      |
|:---------------------------:|:------------------------:|
| Ballerina Language          |     Swan Lake Beta 2     |

### Report Issues

To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Redis repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-redis)

### Useful Links
- Discuss code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
- Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).
- Post all technical questions on Stack Overflow with the [#ballerina](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ballerina) tag
